I'm just trying to help!
Just take them out, Elena, please.
Just take them out.
If you keep twisting
Maybe I feel bad for you.
You've changed.
There is something different in you.
You are stronger Harder.
You are not the only one who has changed, Stefan.
All of us have done it too.
Good to Know.
There is something I have to tell you.
Not because I feel guilty.
It's because I feel guilty that you do not know.
I kissed Damon.
Stefan ...
say something.
Please.
I should not have kidnapped you.
The car, the bridge, I went too far.
Thank you.
But you should not have lied to me today.
You can not leave and do things like that, Elena.
Not while Klaus is still alive.
I know.
I just ... I wanted to give Bonnie
a moment with his mother
without anything else getting in his way.
Without having me in the middle.
I did not plan on kissing him.
You're better than him, Elena.
You are better than both.